# Gubr_Project3
The artifact chosen for databases is the result of the algorithm/data structure upgrade.  The Gubr2 was given a structure to hold it’s data.  This structure allowed greatly increased it’s performance.  This structure made the implementation of querying a database very easy.  In fact, obtaining the data from a database was much easier than obtaining from the file produced by the mainframe.  The mainframe data needed to be parsed from text whereas the database data was already separated.
I believe including this program in my ePortfolio is justified as it showcases my proficiency in database creation and interaction. The program's structured design, consisting of a frontend, backend, and database, is applicable in various modern projects like the MEAN stack. While the project fulfills the course objectives, I acknowledge that it meets the minimum requirements. If time had allowed, I would have preferred developing this program as a mobile app or a web-based application.
To successfully establish a connection to the database, I installed Microsoft SQL Server on my computer and set up a TestDatabase with a 'shipping_unit' table containing around 1800 rows of data, including store number, division number, original distribution number, carton number, timestamp, and item number. Utilizing the existing data structure, I only needed to develop code to connect to the database, write a query that applies the 'days back' parameters from the form, and integrate the data into the class.
 

 The development of this program was more difficult than I imagined it would be.  The sole reason for that difficulty was the CLI/C++ structure.  If it had been written in C#, it would have been a breeze because libraries for C# continue to be updated and there is a broad community of developers who share advice online.  CLI/C++ doesn’t have as many libraries and is not supported by many NuGet packages.  I spent hours on a couple of different strategies only to find that they were not properly supported.  Once I was able to get the connection to work, I was surprised at how difficult it is to concat text in the format SQLWCHAR* (used for the sql query).  I assumed that I could just use the same strategy used with strings: ”text” + ”more text”, but instead I had to use the functions wcscpy_s and wcscat_s which also require an accounting of the number of characters.  I discovered this through trial and error as there was very little documentation on the process.

